See the Emperor.
Princess, what is this outfit?
All my shoes were gone overnight.
I'm afraid of doing the taboo.
Fear of cutting off limbs
So I put on my childhood dragon shoes.
Your Majesty, please forgive me.
How can I cut off the hands and the legs of Hili?
Your Majesty.
There are people here.
You son of a bitch.
Xiao Su Tu
Get those phoenix lotus shoes and those tattoos.
The emperor's shoes only the queen could wear.
I don't just want to wear the queen's shoes.
I want you to sit in the position of Queen.
The evil of the harem
Sister calm down a little.
Your Majesty thanked you for celebrating this victory for me.
I have a treasure to give.
The Treasure
Then I will borrow flowers for Buddha.
Give it to my Jubilee.
Thank God for opening it.
What is this?
Ah.
Bold apples
You dare to tear
Destroy the enemy's ceasefire.
The ceasefire agreement
Your Majesty, I didn't mean to do it.
Your Majesty cancels the armistice.
The two countries will be at war again.
The lives of millions will be ruined at the hands of this happy wife.
Right now.
You can only cut off the head and give it to the enemy.
To stop the war.